docs(cdk/stepper): change misleading documentation (#23377)
angular/components: src/cdk/stepper/stepper.md

- <kbd>SHIFT</kbd>+<kbd>TAB</kbd>: Focuses the previous tabbable element

### Accessibility

> Apart from the built-in keyboard support, the stepper doesn't come with any accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the built-in keyboard support, the stepper doesn't apply any accessibility
```
